Change main overview pages (#6661)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/40 Angular Components/00 DevExtreme Angular Components.md

The DevExtreme Angular UI Component Suite offers 80 responsive, touch-enabled UI components for Angular applications. This suite features a data grid, interactive charts, data editors, and various navigation and utility components.

## Try DevExtreme Components in Your Project

> Experience DevExtreme components in your projects with our [30-day trial](https://js.devexpress.com/Download/). No registration needed. A [license](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/) is **required** for commercial use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try out DevExtreme components in your projects with our [30-day trial](https://js.devexpress.com/Download/) - no registration is needed. A [license](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/) is **required** for commercial use.
```
